Add DRBD handler mechanism for splitbrain metrics (#266)
SUSE/ha-sap-terraform-deployments: doc/monitoring.md

This will add in prometheus a label `job="hacluster-01` and  `job="hacluster-01`. In the grafana dashboard you will have a special switch on the top to switch clusters.

> # Drbd splitbrain metric enablement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DRBD split-brain detection
```

> In order to activate the metric for detecting the splitbrain occuring on drbd, you need to activate the custom handler via pillars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DRBD has a hook mechanism to trigger a script execution when a split-brain occurs. We use this hook handler script to let our Prometheus exporter collect the split-brain status and record it. In order to take advantage of this, you'll need to activate the custom hook handler via pillars.
```

> In the automatic pillar `drdb` directory this is already done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the automatic pillar, located in the `drdb` directory, the handler is already configured for you and it will work OOTB.
```

> The handler will create a temporary file, which the `ha_cluster_exporter` will convert to a metric split brain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The handler will create a temporary file when a split-brain is detected; the `ha_cluster_exporter` will check for the presence of this file and will expose a dedicated Prometheus metric accordingly.
```

> After the split brain occurs, the sysadmin/user should remove the file manually and taking other action on drbd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the split-brain situation is fixed, the sysadmin/user should clean up the temporary file manually.
```

> If the file persist, the ha_expoerter will always detect the splitbrain mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as the file persists, the metric exporter will continue reporting the split-brain occurrence.
```
